# LabTwo_AudioFilter
Assignment Two - Audio Filtering, the FFT, and Doppler Shifts  Module A Create an iOS application using the example template that: Reads from the microphone Takes an FFT of the incoming audio stream Displays the frequency of the two loudest tones within 6Hz accuracy (+-3Hz) Please have a way to "lock in" the last frequencies detected on the display Is able to distinguish tones at least 50Hz apart, lasting for 200ms or more Extra credit: recognize two tones played on a piano (down to one half step apart) and report them by letter (i.e., A4, A#4). Must work at note A2 and above. Note: this is harder than just identifying two perfect sine waves!! Verify the functionality of the application to the instructor during lab time or office hours (or scheduled via email). The sound source must be external to the phone (i.e., laptop, instrument, another phone, etc.).  Module B Create an iOS application using the example template that: Reads from the microphone Plays a settable (via a slider or setter control) inaudible tone to the speakers (15-20kHz) Displays the magnitude of the FFT of the microphone data in decibels Is able to distinguish when the user is {not gesturing, gestures toward, or gesturing away} from the microphone using Doppler shifts in the frequency Verify the functionality of the application to the instructor during lab time or office hours (or scheduled via email).   Turn in the source code for your app in zipped format via blackboard. Use proper coding techniques and naming conventions for  swift, objective C, and objective C++. Include your team member names and team name in the comments of the "main.m" files as well as in blackboard upload text. Upload as "teamNameAssignmentTwo.zip".  Remember to also fill in the team member contribution form and back up all the contributions that you assign.
